# This-is-my-story

  I want you to imagine your typical young boy in midwest America.  Most would say just the average kid growing up in just another average family.  However, this kid knew he was always a little different.  That kid was me, Steve.  By different, I don't mean I had a wood peg for a leg or green hair; while all the other kids were out getting into trouble and some would say, being kids, I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life.  Due to my family situation, I had a lot of exposure to the real world, the adult lifestyle if you will. At first, I wanted to be just like my father, entrepenour; tackling the world one project at a time. Construction was great, but I did not want to be in the physical pain and condition at 40 as someone at 60.  I also wanted to be in a field that was a little more stable.  I was very aware of the market for construction and contractors, it was not very good.  Well, what about sports, despite my non-athletic look, I was very talented in a few different fields.  One being football, which was great, but did I want to put my entire future on the line of an injury just waiting to happen?  I did not.  So, what about golf? I was great, one of the best to graduate from my high school.  I just knew I was just not good enough.  Over all the years, I kept on skipping over one reality.  I had the most powerful tool and resource already, my brain.  Such a powerful and underused gift to have.  I actually tried and put my best foot forward in school.  YES! I got to college! That is the dream right? That is how you make it, right? Well I learned the hard way that just getting to college only means so much till you get to college.  I chose Civil Engineering, thinking I could just take a form of construction and put my mind to it.  As teenagers in school, we are all told that to succeed you must do blah blah blah.  Well I learned that sometimes, it is just not you; sometimes, it is actually the worst decision of your life.  Thankfully, there was two good things that came from the mistaken path.  The first one, at least I know what I cannot do and am not interested in, and two, I met my soon to be wife.  This made it all worth it, or at least gave me the ability to reason with myself over the decisions I made.  

  At the point I am leaving off of, in my second year, what is next?  Another engineering? Another school? I can't drop out.  Then like a blessing in disguise, I get told about a major at IIT called PTC (Professional & Technical Communications).  Hesitant and unsure, I do research, I ask everyone and anyone questions.  I did some soul searching and realized that this was the path I should at least try and not pass up on.  I should at least be able to say I tried my best.  So I did it, and the next semester came and went.  Still not 100%, I was at least more intrigued by the possabilities and what I was learning.  I started to see the "light at the end of the tunnel" if you will. I took a class with the one and only Karl Stolley. One of the most confusing classes I have still to ever take, but I persisted.  This class, this professor is what really made my decision final.  I cannot put my finger one what or why, just that inner feeling of happiness when you are up at 4 am doing some work that will not even matter in five years and yet, you don't care, you are happy because you are aware of what the work helps you learn.  I finally saw a line of learning that made me feel like I mattered and will matter to the world.  The longer I was fighting the good old college struggle life, the more I felt like everything was worth the sacrifices.  I started to know why it was me.  

  This idea of the new age technology.  Computers, the internet, digital design, etc...  The future was there, inside the "cloud", inside the technology.  Going from a young boy who loved all things technology, just never realized that it could actually become something more than just a fun thing to use and play with to becoming a grown man who knows just how powerful technology and the digital world has become and will continue to be.  Being a 5th year student, I have learned everything from the power of each word used to programming to even self teaching video making and editing on some world class software.  
  
  My journey to becoming digitally literate started before I knew what it would one day mean to me, but the true journey has just begun. My true journey lies in how technology advances and where society allows it to take us. For me, the digital world is my rocket ship to the top, for me, it is everything.  Digital technology is my passion and my second love.  

  As I sit here writing this very story, I wonder where and who I would be without all of this technology in my life.  Would I have every found my "thing"? If I know this is my "thing", I cannot even imagine a world without it.  

  In a way, I am digital.  This is me, and I wouldn't have it any other way. 
